coach is my couch our wwx a and do labs
com wanted to give our thanks to Jarrod
Ambrose who is the quarterbacks coach at
Towson State University for helping us
put this together it is important to
note that coach Ambrose is the brother
of rob ambrose who is the head coach at
Towson State who was previously the
offensive coordinator the University of
Connecticut so you going to see a lot of
these drills that he does with every day
with his quarterbacks they are from a
Joel tape that he worked with kids in
Connecticut so we'll go through a couple
he says there's three main components in
a presentation we'll start with just
with the stretch drill progression which
are things that coach does in the
beginning to work his quarterbacks out
he usually does that does this down a
yard line and you'll see why in a second
he talks about a deep slide okay which
emphasizes movement by bringing the
upper bot part of the body to simulate
the drop coaches big on teaching the
upper body and that's dropped and making
sure players are getting the right drop
down a yard line okay to work that
progression he'll do a fast feet drill
which gets quarterbacks used to
constantly moving their feet in the
pocket okay get those feet going
constantly keeping your eyes down the
field who work a play action which
simulates both ball fakes and hand fakes
I think this is pretty important in
terms of play-action coach John and
Bruce always talks about doing what
players feel comfortable doing in play
action doesn't have to be your ball fake
does it to be a hand fake that's what
they do best and continue to wrap it and
then you also will do a flip featural
which helps quarterbacks keep the ball
between their belly button and chin okay
while switching their feet down to your
line so you're going to see some of this
video and you know we've included the
audio on it because you're going to hear
coach Ambrose a little bit if you can
hear him talk about the techniques here
he just talked about carrying the ball
nipple to nipple a lot of coaches took
talk about peck to peck or chest the
chest coach at Jared Ambrose who talks
about a nipple to nipple carry a
football